I welcome you, dear buyer
This course 100,000 rubles for PR
VKontakte groups
this type of earnings today
can say new niche
practically not busy and the advantages of this
the kind of earnings that you can start
earn without any investment
there is respect in this type of earnings not
so let's probably get started
actually the essence of our earnings as you
already and understood from this slide
is to advertise various
communities and groups in such large
social networks like VKontakte
I'll show you a few slides now
here you are what you think it is
such a
these are physical goods it is not easy
physically goods
These are all products that are now very
networks sell well
let me explain in some way given
goods related to our earnings on
PR groups is very simple
those people who sell this product with
using certain sites also have
groups in social networks in our case
This vkontakte ie such such groups
there are many well- known groups
there are groups with very small
the number of people actually with such
we will work in groups
imagine such a situation and so open
VKontakte site home page
go to the community section and now
let's model our work from what
we will need to start the first to find it
these communities as we search for them
see let's say we choose headphones
monster beats
we introduce here the name monster headphones
beats
click search and what we see with us
there were 3033 community
who sell these headphones what we
doing further we will be interested
communities in which very few people then
there we will start from 5 10 100
a person in a group
that is, we go down to the bottom and look for
groups with the smallest number
participants that is got off enough
just just scroll to the bottom
pages so we see here a hundred s
something participants get down well
going down as we see a group on
This product is very much admissible
let's stop here this
we will have 113 participants here
move on to the group for example you started
to sell monster headphones
beats
created a group and let's say you 0
participants you are wondering how do you
bring as many participants as possible to
your group so that they are bigger
learned and accordingly you started
receive orders any beginner
hell internet entrepreneur when
creates a group for a specific product
always interested
in having his group come as far as possible
more people but most don't know
how to do it and do not know and choose
the most expensive way is contextual
advertising contextual advertising Yandex
let's say when i started attracting
group members yes I got out
about 55 rubles for attracted
man that is this is the maximum ball then
there is at that time I decided to look for more
cheap ways to attract and stumbled
to the service and which we are with you now
let's talk so we find the administrator
groups go to his page further
we send him our offer where
we take this offer in this course
there is a specially composed letter with
tariffs let's open with our
tariffs you can see
content that is you must
get acquainted you need to let you know
what are you sending and a little bit given
letter to edit in particular to you
you need to register your name here
that is what is your name further below you
indicate your contacts
reliable that is if you and i say
secu or skype below indicate your name
middle name like water how convenient you are
You can specify the surname and patronymic or
just the name is all ready with us after that
you save the file further copy
so browser and everything
paste it into the message box perfectly
we are ready to write the letter
prescribe a topic you can not prescribe
subject and click sending messages
and so on a day you can
send a few dozen
similar proposals for the promotion of groups
also if you have more time you
you can send and more then there are 50
and 100 posts
so I think everything from this block
understandable that is find a group see
is it alive that is whether it is present on
her goods
reviews that is because it happens
you open groups and just stand here
picture 10 participants and here is just
everything is empty now go to the next
video in the second block we will look at
your method of attracting subscribers and me
I will show you what services you will
use to cheat on subscribers
groups see you in the next block